readme.md, before:

<!-- DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE; it is auto-generated from readme.txt -->
# Augmented Reality

Adds blocks for augmented reality experiences.

**Contributors:** [ryankienstra](https://profiles.wordpress.org/ryankienstra)  
**Tags:** [blocks](https://wordpress.org/plugins/tags/blocks), [augmented-reality](https://wordpress.org/plugins/tags/augmented-reality)  
**Requires at least:** 4.9  
**Tested up to:** 5.1  
**Stable tag:** 0.1.0  
**License:** [GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html)  
**Donate link:** http://jdrf.org/get-involved/ways-to-donate/  
**Requires PHP:** 7.1  

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kienstra/augmented-reality.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/kienstra/augmented-reality) [![Built with Grunt](https://cdn.gruntjs.com/builtwith.svg)](http://gruntjs.com) 

## Description ##

![demo-coffee-cup](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4063887/52908204-afc42180-3236-11e9-9dc7-cd52718000f9.gif)

This is a [Google Codelab](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/ar-with-webxr/index.html) with a block editor back-end (the cup shown above is by [Poly by Google](https://poly.google.com/user/4aEd8rQgKu2)).

It's experimental, and requires an Android device [that can run ARCore](https://developers.google.com/ar/discover/#supported_devices), and earlier versions of Chrome Dev or Canary (70-72). Using older browsers like these is only advisable on a testing device, not your normal phone.

Please see the [Getting Set Up](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/ar-with-webxr/index.html#1) section of the Codelab. The files from the Google Codelab are mainly copied from its [GitHub repo](https://github.com/googlecodelabs/ar-with-webxr/tree/7f8b796b546996d522ecd4e22c41d54f58b40778), with slight changes.

**Setup**
1. Find `.obj` and `.mtl` files for a 3D object, like from [Poly](https://poly.google.com/) or [Free3D](https://free3d.com/3d-models/obj-file)
2. In the block (Gutenberg) editor, add an "AR Viewer" block
3. Select the `.obj` and `.mtl` files in the block UI, and click "Save Draft" or "Update":
![ar-block-demo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4063887/52907916-e5660c00-3230-11e9-9f27-b56e3b2d5607.gif)
4. View the front-end of the post
5. Click "Start augmented reality"
6. Rotate the screen until an anchor appears:
![ar-viewer-reticle](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4063887/52907208-05da9a00-3222-11e9-87a1-68910476e1e0.gif)
7. Click the anchor, and see the 3d object. The object below is from [Poly](https://poly.google.com/view/1HpVP5w2x1D), created by [Poly by Google](https://poly.google.com/user/4aEd8rQgKu2):
![ar-viewer-cup](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4063887/52907215-391d2900-3222-11e9-8a16-74951dd5a433.gif)

## Installation ##

1. Upload the augmented-reality directory to your /wp-content/plugins directory.
1. In the "Plugins" menu, find "Augmented Reality," and click "Activate."

## Changelog ##

### 0.1.0 ###
See the [v0.1.0 project](https://github.com/kienstra/augmented-reality/projects/1).

- Adds the "AR Viewer" block, enabling augmented reality on some Android phones.

Commit message:

Update the Changelog to reflect changes in 0.1.0
Describes the block,
and how this implements a Google Codelab.

readme.md, after:

<!-- DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE; it is auto-generated from readme.txt -->
# Augmented Reality

Adds blocks for augmented reality experiences.

**Contributors:** [ryankienstra](https://profiles.wordpress.org/ryankienstra)  
**Tags:** [blocks](https://wordpress.org/plugins/tags/blocks), [augmented-reality](https://wordpress.org/plugins/tags/augmented-reality)  
**Requires at least:** 4.9  
**Tested up to:** 5.1  
**Stable tag:** 0.1.0  
**License:** [GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html)  
**Donate link:** http://jdrf.org/get-involved/ways-to-donate/  
**Requires PHP:** 7.1  

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kienstra/augmented-reality.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/kienstra/augmented-reality) [![Built with Grunt](https://gruntjs.com/cdn/builtwith.svg)](http://gruntjs.com) 

## Description ##

![demo-coffee-cup](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4063887/52908204-afc42180-3236-11e9-9dc7-cd52718000f9.gif)

This is a [Google Codelab](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/ar-with-webxr/index.html) with a block editor back-end (the cup shown above is by [Poly by Google](https://poly.google.com/user/4aEd8rQgKu2)).

It's experimental, and requires an Android device [that can run ARCore](https://developers.google.com/ar/discover/#supported_devices), and earlier versions of Chrome Dev or Canary (70-72). Using older browsers like these is only advisable on a testing device, not your normal phone.

Please see the [Getting Set Up](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/ar-with-webxr/index.html#1) section of the Codelab. The files from the Google Codelab are mainly copied from its [GitHub repo](https://github.com/googlecodelabs/ar-with-webxr/tree/7f8b796b546996d522ecd4e22c41d54f58b40778), with slight changes.

**Setup**
1. Find `.obj` and `.mtl` files for a 3D object, like from [Poly](https://poly.google.com/) or [Free3D](https://free3d.com/3d-models/obj-file)
2. In the block (Gutenberg) editor, add an "AR Viewer" block
3. Select the `.obj` and `.mtl` files in the block UI, and click "Save Draft" or "Update":
![ar-block-demo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4063887/52907916-e5660c00-3230-11e9-9f27-b56e3b2d5607.gif)
4. View the front-end of the post
5. Click "Start augmented reality"
6. Rotate the screen until an anchor appears:
![ar-viewer-reticle](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4063887/52907208-05da9a00-3222-11e9-87a1-68910476e1e0.gif)
7. Click the anchor, and see the 3d object. The object below is from [Poly](https://poly.google.com/view/1HpVP5w2x1D), created by [Poly by Google](https://poly.google.com/user/4aEd8rQgKu2):
![ar-viewer-cup](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4063887/52907215-391d2900-3222-11e9-8a16-74951dd5a433.gif)

## Installation ##

1. Upload the augmented-reality directory to your /wp-content/plugins directory.
1. In the "Plugins" menu, find "Augmented Reality," and click "Activate."

## Changelog ##

### 0.1.0 ###
- Adds the "AR Viewer" block, with controls to upload `.obj` and `.mtl` files.
- Implements a [Google Codelab](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/ar-with-webxr/index.html), with small changes to its JavaScript files.
- Works on [select Android devices](https://developers.google.com/ar/discover/#supported_devices), with Chrome Dev and Canary 70-72.
